configs/ai_claude_osx/README.md, before:

# Claude Code Configuration for macOS

This directory contains Claude Code MCP server configuration template for macOS.

## Files

- `dot-claude.json.template` - Template for MCP server configurations

## Usage

The template file will be stowed to `~/.claude.json.template`. To use it:

1. Review the MCP server configurations in `~/.claude.json.template`
2. Manually merge the `mcpServers` section into your active `~/.claude.json` file
3. Note: Do NOT copy the entire template file - `~/.claude.json` contains runtime state

## Why a template?

Claude Code's `.claude.json` file contains:
- Runtime state (startup count, tips history, etc.)
- User preferences and settings
- **Sensitive data** (API keys, credentials)

Therefore, it cannot be directly version-controlled. This template provides just the MCP server configuration for reference.

## MCP Servers Configured

- **mcp-adaptor**: Salesforce DX MCP adaptor (internal tool)
- **GUS MCP Server**: Salesforce GUS (work item tracking) integration
  - Requires: Node.js and authenticated SFDX CLI (`sfdx auth:web:login -a GUS`)
  - Location: `/Users/lambert.green/dev/work/mcp-server-gus/mcp-server.js`

## Platform-Specific Paths

The `mcp-adaptor` binary path is platform-specific:
- macOS: `~/.mcp-adaptor/bin/mcp-adaptor-go-v2.0.5-darwin-arm64`
- Linux: Will need `mcp-adaptor-go-*-linux-amd64`
- Windows: Will need `mcp-adaptor-go-*-windows-amd64.exe`

Commit message:

feat: Add sync-configs command for manual config synchronization
Add 'just sync-configs' command to handle apps that mix configuration with
runtime state. This provides visibility and instructions for syncing template
configs into live config files, addressing the "package manager" problem for
configurations that can't be directly symlinked.

Changes:
- Add 'just sync-configs' command that shows sync instructions
- Provide jq command for merging Claude Code MCP config from template
- Update README with Quick Start, Manual Sync, and When to Sync sections
- Update 'just stow' to recommend running sync-configs afterward

This makes config maintenance explicit and discoverable, with a path toward
automation using jq merge scripts in the future.

configs/ai_claude_osx/README.md, after:

# Claude Code Configuration for macOS

This directory contains Claude Code MCP server configuration template for macOS.

## Files

- `dot-claude.json.template` - Template for MCP server configurations

## Usage

The template file will be stowed to `~/.claude.json.template`. To sync it:

### Quick Start
```bash
just stow          # Stows the template to ~/.claude.json.template
just sync-configs  # Shows sync instructions and commands
```

### Manual Sync
1. Review the MCP server configurations in `~/.claude.json.template`
2. Merge the `mcpServers` section into your active `~/.claude.json`:
   ```bash
   jq -s '.[0] * {mcpServers: .[1].mcpServers}' ~/.claude.json ~/.claude.json.template > /tmp/merged.json && mv /tmp/merged.json ~/.claude.json
   ```
3. Note: Do NOT copy the entire template file - `~/.claude.json` contains runtime state

### When to Sync
- After `just stow` when you first set up
- After updating MCP server configs in the dotfiles repo
- When you need to restore MCP servers after Claude Code config issues

## Why a template?

Claude Code's `.claude.json` file contains:
- Runtime state (startup count, tips history, etc.)
- User preferences and settings
- **Sensitive data** (API keys, credentials)

Therefore, it cannot be directly version-controlled. This template provides just the MCP server configuration for reference.

## MCP Servers Configured

- **mcp-adaptor**: Salesforce DX MCP adaptor (internal tool)
- **GUS MCP Server**: Salesforce GUS (work item tracking) integration
  - Requires: Node.js and authenticated SFDX CLI (`sfdx auth:web:login -a GUS`)
  - Location: `/Users/lambert.green/dev/work/mcp-server-gus/mcp-server.js`

## Platform-Specific Paths

The `mcp-adaptor` binary path is platform-specific:
- macOS: `~/.mcp-adaptor/bin/mcp-adaptor-go-v2.0.5-darwin-arm64`
- Linux: Will need `mcp-adaptor-go-*-linux-amd64`
- Windows: Will need `mcp-adaptor-go-*-windows-amd64.exe`
